Are you still in pain?
If it doesn't hurt
We can get to know each other as soon as possible
Before the same situation happens again
It's broad daylight
And this is an office
It's day and night.
We're the tech guys.
I can't be the only one working
Why don't you go home and pack your things?
Mr. Zhou, do you mean to ask me to move?
OK
And since it's all a lover relationship
It's time to change my name
how
Do you still call me Mr. Zhou in bed?
What should I call you?
Just call me Yan Jing
Zhao Lian'an called to praise you today.
Mr. Zhao is humorous
The interview went really well.
Or rely on Mr. Zhou's recommendation
Although he is a playboy
But what can make him praise without words
You are the first
They're not complimenting me
Is testing our relationship
Are you jealous?